Add competition information email (#18)
srobo/team-emails: SR2019/2019-03-11-competition-information.md

## Reduced mobility

The team pits for this year's competition are spread over 3 floors. If any members of your team have reduced mobility, please let us know as soon as possible so we can account for this when placing teams.

## Media Consent Form and Tickets

As with previous years, we require you to sign a media consent form. These media consent forms allow us to use videos and photographs taken at the event for future marketing purposes.

[Download our Media Consent form]()

If a member of your team is under the age of 16, they will need to get a parent or guardian to sign on their behalf.

Once these forms have been completed, please send them to `teams@studentrobotics.org` with the word 'media-consent' in the subject line, to ensure they won't be missed. We will have media consent forms available at the event, but pre-processing them makes the reception process faster.

Once your form has been processed, you'll receive an automated email response with your ticket. These tickets must be bought with you to the competition (printed or on a phone is fine).

## Rules Update

We recently made our first update to the rules. This contained some important, but minor changes:

> - Change the documented hashtag from `srobo2019` to `srobo19` to follow what was being used internally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the documented hashtag from `#srobo2019` to `#srobo19` to follow what was being used internally
```

- Specify how we interpret whether a robot is in a zone
- Add a regulation allowing supporting equipment
- Clarify the wording of the scoring zones grid

> These rules are now available in the [docs](https://studentrobotics.org/docs/rules/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rules have been updated in the [docs](https://studentrobotics.org/docs/rules/).
```

## Emergency contact information

> Some teams have asked for emergency contact information on our forums (https://studentrobotics.org/forum/viewtopic.php?f=9&t=46&p=201#p201). We now have a dedicated contact number for use at the event. This number should only be used by team leaders and college staff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some teams have asked for emergency contact information on our forums (https://studentrobotics.org/forum/viewtopic.php?f=9&t=46&p=201#p201). We have a dedicated contact number for use at the event. This number should only be used by team leaders and college staff.
```

Contact number: <number>

> This number should only be used for this competition event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This number should only be used for this competition event and will only be answered on the day before and the during the event.
```

---
to: Student Robotics 2019
subject: Competition Informatiom
---

Hi all,

> There's just 26 days between now and the competition, and we're getting the final things ready for Student Robotics 2019. We hope your robots are battle-ready, and you're well on your way to entering a robot capable of winning!

Reviewer 2: Maybe dial back "battle-ready" to "competition-ready" since we're not about fighting?

We have some final information for you for the competition.

> ## Reduced mobility

Reviewer 2: Not sure this is a great title for this section. The intent is clear enough from the section, however at first it reads a little oddly.

I can't immediately think of a better phrasing, though maybe something like "Ease of access" or "Venue layout"? The information that the the venue is laid out over several floors is relevant to everyone.

The team pits for this year's competition are spread over 3 floors. If any members of your team have reduced mobility, please let us know as soon as possible so we can account for this when placing teams.

## Media Consent Form and Tickets

As with previous years, we require you to sign a media consent form. These media consent forms allow us to use videos and photographs taken at the event for future marketing purposes.

[Download our Media Consent form]()

If a member of your team is under the age of 16, they will need to get a parent or guardian to sign on their behalf.

Once these forms have been completed, please send them to `teams@studentrobotics.org` with the word 'media-consent' in the subject line, to ensure they won't be missed. We will have media consent forms available at the event, but pre-processing them makes the reception process faster.

> Once your form has been processed, you'll receive an automated email response with your ticket. These tickets must be bought with you to the competition (printed or on a phone is fine).

Reviewer 2: Surely tickets must be _brought_ with you to the competition?
```suggestion
Once your form has been processed, you'll receive an automated email response with your ticket. These tickets must be brought with you to the competition (printed or on a phone is fine).
```

Separately, we should check that scanning from on a phone does indeed work.

## Rules Update

We recently made our first update to the rules. This contained some important, but minor changes:

> - Change the documented hashtag from `#srobo2019` to `#srobo19` to follow what was being used internally

Reviewer 2: It seems odd to put this minor change first? The robot-in-zone and supporting equipment changes strike me as the most important.

Author: It's actually in chronological order IIRC, but yes let's re-shuffle it.

- Specify how we interpret whether a robot is in a zone
- Add a regulation allowing supporting equipment
- Clarify the wording of the scoring zones grid

The rules have been updated in the [docs](https://studentrobotics.org/docs/rules/).

## Emergency contact information

> Some teams have asked for emergency contact information on our forums (https://studentrobotics.org/forum/viewtopic.php?f=9&t=46&p=201#p201). We have a dedicated contact number for use at the event. This number should only be used by team leaders and college staff.

Reviewer 2: Does having a link to the forums here add anything?
As you're going to include the number in the email, it seems most likely that linking to the forum here (even mentioning it specifically) could lead to people looking in the forums for information rather than these emails. I think we'd benefit from keeping (as much as possible) to a single canonical source of information to avoid confusion.

Contact number: <number>

This number should only be used for this competition event and will only be answered on the day before and the during the event.

## Support

With less than 4 weeks left until the final, we hope you're progressing well. The time left to get support is growing smaller, so if you're facing any issues, be sure to check the rules and the docs, they usually hold the answers! If you have any questions, please let us know on the forums, we try to answer them as quickly as possible.

> We've also updated our website with more information on the venue and parking. We will keep updating this with more information, so be sure to keep an eye on it.

Reviewer 2: Maybe link here to the event page (which has these details, unlike the homepage).

---
to: Student Robotics 2019
subject: Competition Informatiom
---

Hi all,

There's just 26 days between now and the competition, and we're getting the final things ready for Student Robotics 2019. We hope your robots are competition-ready, and you're well on your way to entering a robot capable of winning!

We have some final information for you for the competition.

## Venue Layout

The team pits for this year's competition are spread over 3 floors. If any members of your team have reduced mobility, or any other specific requirements which may impact the location of your team pit, please let us know as soon as possible so we can account for this when placing teams.

## Media Consent Form and Tickets

As with previous years, we require you to sign a media consent form. These media consent forms allow us to use videos and photographs taken at the event for future marketing purposes.

[Download our Media Consent form](https://studentrobotics.org/resources/sr2019/media-consent.pdf)

If a member of your team is under the age of 16, they will need to get a parent or guardian to sign on their behalf. Please put "Student Robotics 2019" as the event name.

> Once these forms have been completed, please send them to `teams@studentrobotics.org` with the word 'media-consent' in the subject line, to ensure they won't be missed. We will have media consent forms available at the event, but pre-processing them makes the reception process faster.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps clarify that the forms at the venue will be for _guests_. I'd like to avoid giving the idea that competitors doing this is optional.

> Once your form has been processed, you'll receive an automated email response with your ticket. These tickets must be brought with you to the competition (printed or on a phone is fine).

Reviewer 2: Does scanning from a phone definitely work?

Author: I'm about 90% sure _I_ got in to an event using the ticket on my phone, so I believe that's enough. I'll give it another test at some point to check, but I think we can ship this regardless. Worst comes to worst we confirm it's a valid ticket visually, and manually enter the username to check someone in.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure manually entering the name is equivalent - the tickets are cryptographically signed.

With less than 4 weeks left until the final, we hope you're progressing well. The time left to get support is growing smaller, so if you're facing any issues, be sure to check the rules and the docs, they usually hold the answers! If you have any questions, please let us know on the forums, we try to answer them as quickly as possible.

## Kit Loan Extension

> In the past, some teams have requested to hold on to the kit for a couple of weeks after the competition. If this is something you would be interested, please let us know on `teams@studentrobotics.org`, with the reason you wish to hold on to the kit. The closing date for this is 31st March.

Reviewer 2: Ahem, the rules spec this as 22nd March. We should be consistent (but I don't mind which date we use).

## Kit Loan Extension

> In the past, some teams have requested to hold on to the kit for a couple of weeks after the competition. This year, we're allowing a loan extension until 4th May. If this is something you would be interested, please let us know on `teams@studentrobotics.org`, with the reason you wish to hold on to the kit. The closing date for this is 31st March.

Reviewer 2: Bear in mind that we'll need time to collate the kits _before_ the Core Team is disbanded. I suggest that that be a week or so?
